src/root/cleaning-service-areas/ogden.md, before:

---
layout: layouts/service-area.html
activemenu: 'locations'
textUs: true
tags: serviceareanav
navurl: 'ogden'
meta:
  title: 'The Ogden Cleaning Service You Can Trust and Count On - House Cleaning, Airbnb Cleaning, Office Cleaning, and Post-Construction Cleaning in Ogden, Utah'
  description: 'Wasatch Maids is a top-rated cleaning company. Our values are clear: Clean. Honest. Thorough. Fair. From easy online bookings, to outstanding customer service, to high-quality home, post-construction and commercial cleaning - our clients receive the best experience for their needs.'
  socialimage: '/assets/images/Ogden-Utah.jpg'
about:
  city: 'Ogden'
heading:
  intro: "Wasatch Maids ensures you'll love your professional home cleaners in
    Ogden, Utah and we have dedicated cleaners and maids to keep your home
    feeling fresh. Our office is located in central Ogden, so your home
    will never be more than a few minutes away. Our honest, thorough,
    and fair cleaning service can be booked online in less than 60
    seconds."
  image:
    url: '/assets/images/Ogden-Utah.jpg'
    text: 'Sign that says It pays to live in Ogden home of Weber State University in Ogden, Utah'
main:
  text: "We know it's not easy picking a maid service or cleaning company. Wasatch Maids has a small, dedicated team of professionals to clean your home. Whether you're by Weber State, in North Ogden, South Ogden, or anything in between, Wasatch Maids provides home cleaning and maid services near you."
  map: 'https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d96030.62898905447!2d-112.04271385851796!3d41.22270413111622!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x87530e94da9c4d7b%3A0x61dcd77b34b32c!2sOgden%2C+UT!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1482436098799'
---

<section class="section_text">
  <div class="section_text-container">
    <div class="text-content normal-weight">

## Cleaning Services in Ogden, Utah

We know it's not easy picking a cleaning service. Wasatch Maids has a dedicated team of professionals to clean your home, office, rental or construction project. Whether you're by Weber State, in North Ogden, South Ogden, or anything in between, Wasatch Maids provides cleaning services near you. We offer a range of services but focus on doing one thing right - cleaning. Whether that's for your business, home, or Airbnb rental, we are committed to doing the best job for you.

Our <span class="key blue">complete satisfaction guarantee</span> covers all cleaning services. While unlikely, if something isn’t done to the liking of any person in the company, or even if we can do something a little bit different, we will immediately take care of the issue.

All services - standard home cleaning, move-in / move-out, deep spring cleaning, post construction cleaning, and office cleaning are backed by our <span class="key">complete satisfaction guarantee</span>. We are 100% committed to our work and delivering the quality you deserve. Wasatch Maids is a locally owned business out of Ogden. We care about our community and would never do anything to harm our reputation here. If you want your home, construction project, or office cleaned with the same love and care you give to it, Wasatch Maids is the company for you.

</div>
</div>
</section>

<section class="section_text">
<div class="cs-container">
<!-- Left Image Section -->
<div class="cs-left">
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/cleaning-bottles.jpg"
alt="house"
width="522"
height="581"
/>
</picture>
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/twin-wolf-bathroom2.jpg"
alt="house"
width="414"
height="400"
/>
</picture>
</div>
<!-- Right Content Section-->
<div class="cs-right">
<span class="cs-topper">Home Cleaning</span>

<h2><a href="/cleaning-services/house-cleaning" class="black-link">House Cleaning & Maid Services</a></h2>

We interview hundreds of maids and house cleaners, always looking for the best ones who believe in our core values of being <span class="key">clean, honest, thorough, and fair</span>. It isn't easy, but we've found them, and they are cleaning in Ogden, Utah.

As the saying goes, "a clean home is a happy home." However, its even happier when someone else is doing the cleaning for you.

Our online reviews speak to the fact that we’re 100% committed to our work and delivering quality. So, if you want your home cleaned with the same love and care you give it, Wasatch Maids is the company for you!

</div>
</section>

<section class="section_text">
<div class="cs-container right">
<div class="cs-left">
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/moving-boxes-in-truck.jpg"
alt="house"
width="522"
height="581"
/>
</picture>
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/moving-boxes.jpg"
alt="house"
width="414"
height="400"
/>
</picture>
</div>
<div class="cs-right">
<span class="cs-topper">Moving Cleaning</span>

<h2><a href="/cleaning-services/move-in-move-out-cleaning" class="black-link">Move-In / Move-Out Cleaning</a></h2>

Moving isn't easy, and it's made even more difficult when you need to clean after all the moving is done. Still, the final house cleaning is a vital step between home transitions.

A move-in/move-out clean is a much more thorough cleaning where we go inside empty drawers, clean walls, oven, fridge, interior windows, and more -- in addition to our already thorough home cleaning. And it is one of the most popular services we offer.

Let Wasatch Maids take care of the cleaning, so you can focus on getting settled into the new place.

</div>
</div>
</section>

<section class="section_text">
<div class="cs-container">

<div class="cs-left">
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/twin-wolf-main.jpg"
alt="main living area of home"
width="522"
height="581"
/>
</picture>
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/airbnb3-washer-dryer.jpeg"
alt="stackable washer and dryer in a bathroom"
width="414"
height="400"
/>
</picture>
</div>
<div class="cs-right">
<span class="cs-topper">Rental Cleaning</span>

<h2><a href="/contact.html" class="black-link">Airbnb / Vrbo Turnover Cleaning near Ogden</a></h2>

Hosting an Airbnb, Vrbo or other short to mid-term rentals is no easy task. Coordinating with the guests ensuring their satisfaction, managing reviews, inventory, and communication. The return on investment can be lucrative, but there are many responsibilities.

Using Wasatch Maids for your turnover cleaning ensures you'll be able to focus on the important communication aspects while we take care of cleaning and resetting in between guests. We have been cleaning for rental hosts in the Ogden area for years and coordinate to your unique needs

</div>
</section>

<section class="section_text">
<div class="cs-container right">
<div class="cs-left">
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/cleaning-bottles.jpg"
alt="house"
width="522"
height="581"
/>
</picture>
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/twin-wolf-bathroom2.jpg"
alt="house"
width="414"
height="400"
/>
</picture>
</div>

<div class="cs-right">
<span class="cs-topper">Office Cleaning</span>
<h2><a href="/cleaning-services/office-cleaning.html" class="black-link">Commercial & Office Cleaning</a></h2>

One of the most common complaints we hear from businesses, is that they feel they are paying too much for the quality they are receiving. Most commercial and office cleanings are franchises, or large corporations where quality control becomes difficult. Even using smaller cleaning companies or individuals, the service may suffer due to quality control and lack of training. But in the end, businesses just "put up" with the service.

You and your workplace <em>deserve better than this.</em> That's why Wasatch Maids offers commercial and office cleaning / janitorial services in the Ogden area. You don't have to worry about jumping "through the hoops" just to get some information across.

</div>
</div>
</section>

<section class="section_text">
<div class="cs-container">
<div class="cs-left">
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/post-construction-mess.jpg"
alt="house"
width="522"
height="581"
/>
</picture>
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/post-construction-cleaning.jpg"
alt="house"
width="414"
height="400"
/>
</picture>
</div>
<div class="cs-right">
<span class="cs-topper">Post-Construction</span>

<h2><a href="/cleaning-services/post-construction-cleaning.html" class="black-link">New Home & Post Construction Cleaning</a></h2>

Cleaning up after a large construction job is no easy task. Dried plaster, dust everywhere, and no idea where to start. Wasatch Maids does post-construction cleaning in the Ogden area, and other service locations.

A contractor may do a general cleaning of debris, but a detailed cleaning is not part of the job. New construction homes and apartments are beautifully made, but may not have a detailed cleaning to finish it up. This is where Wasatch Maids comes in. We often hear about the amount of dust and mess left behind by the construction crew; this impedes you from moving in. Get in touch and see how we can help!

</div>
</div>
</section>

<section class="section_text">
<div class="section_text-container">
<div class="text-content normal-weight">

## Who Is Wasatch Maids

Wasatch Maids is a top-rated, locally-owned cleaning company based in Ogden, cleaning houses and offices in Eden, Utah. Our values are clear: Clean. Honest. Thorough. Fair. From easy <a class="key blue" href="/booknow.html">online booking</a>, to outstanding customer service, to high-quality home, post-construction, Airbnb/rental, and commercial cleaning - our clients receive the best experience for their needs.

We price our home cleaning as a flat-rate so you always know what to expect. On top of this, there's no initial on-site estimate needed and you can book online and have us cleaning your home right away.

Having been in the cleaning industry for years, we know that a lot goes into picking a great house cleaner. Because of our commitment to excellence, we can only afford the best cleaners. Wasatch Maids employs a small team of experienced cleaners, and goes through consistent and regular training will all of them. In result, you get the same <span class="key">effective, friendly, honest, and thorough</span> cleaning experience every time we come out to your home.

All our cleaning and work is highly insured and your satisfaction is guaranteed.

</div>
</div>
</section>
{% CtaBanner text="Book Your Home Cleaning", btnText="Book Now", btnLink="/booknow.html",
  dark=false %}
<section class="section_text">
<div class="section_text-container">
<div class="text-content">

### Employees, Not Contractors

Many cleaning companies use contractors who complete the work on behalf of the company. However, at Wasatch Maids, we use employees instead. Unlike contractors, employees have the same onboarding and training, and they understand the company culture and overall values. This translates to reliability for you. If a cleaner for some reason cannot make it out, we have multiple back-ups, including the co-owners, who all have years of cleaning experience. And while we do have overhead like our <span class="key">2 million dollar insurance policy</span> to keep your home or business protected, we are also able to be much more competitive with our prices than companies that end up contracting out all the work.

All of this means the <span class="key blue">highest quality</span> of cleaning,
<span class="key blue"> increased communication</span> with your
cleaning company, and <span class="key blue">more money</span> in your
pocket. We know what it's like to run a business in Ogden, and that's
why we want nothing but the best for yours. We believe that this
starts by having a clean space for customers and employees.

</div>
</div>
</section>
 {% CtaBanner text="Get A Free Office Cleaning Quote", btnText="Contact Us", btnLink="/contact.html",
  dark=true %}

<section class="section_text">
<div class="section_text-container">
<div class="text-content normal-weight">

### Our Promise

Wasatch Maids offers Ogden residents premium cleaning services. We are <span class="key">completely committed</span> to our work and delivery top quality cleaning to you. All our house cleaners and cleaning crews are background checked, certified maids, and have many years of experience cleaning all areas of your home, office, and all conditions, shapes, and sizes. We care about providing customers with the <span class="key blue">five-star service</span> that Wasatch Maids is known for.

For house cleaning, there is no initial on-site estimate needed. You can securely book online in minutes. Just head over to our user-friendly <a href="book-now" class="key blue">online booking system</a>, enter your Ogden zip code, the requested date and time, the total size of the home (then excluding anything not needed) and we'll provide you with a flat rate. You can schedule a one-time, weekly, bi-weekly, or monthly cleaning service to meet all your needs. Repeat scheduled services come at a discount.

For office cleaning, post-construction cleaning, or short-term rental cleaning like AirBnb / Vrbo, please reach out to us with our <a href="/contact.html" class="key blue">contact form</a>.

With our 100% satisfaction guarantee, the days of searching for residential, post-construction, commercial, and office cleaning services in Ogden are long gone. Never again worry about keeping your home or office fresh and clean because Wasatch Maids has you taken care of.

{% include "city-services.html" %}

Commit message:

Fixing menu 1 year later... and also fixing some styling

src/root/cleaning-service-areas/ogden.md, after:

---
layout: layouts/service-area.html
activemenu: 'locations'
textUs: true
tags: serviceareanav
navurl: 'ogden'
meta:
  title: 'The Ogden Cleaning Service You Can Trust and Count On - House Cleaning, Airbnb Cleaning, Office Cleaning, and Post-Construction Cleaning in Ogden, Utah'
  description: 'Wasatch Maids is a top-rated cleaning company. Our values are clear: Clean. Honest. Thorough. Fair. From easy online bookings, to outstanding customer service, to high-quality home, post-construction and commercial cleaning - our clients receive the best experience for their needs.'
  socialimage: '/assets/images/Ogden-Utah.jpg'
about:
  city: 'Ogden'
  latitude: '41.2230'
  longitude: '-111.9738'
locationReviews:
  - text: 'Wasatch Maids has been cleaning my home in Ogden for over a year. They are on time and do a fantastic job.'
    author: 'Jessica'
  - text: 'I hired them for a move-out clean near Weber State. Amazing!'
    author: 'Tyler'
  - text: 'Best cleaning service in Ogden. The team is so friendly and thorough.'
    author: 'Amanda'
qna:
  - question: 'Do you service North Ogden?'
    answer: 'Yes, we service all of Ogden, including North Ogden, South Ogden, and the bench areas.'
  - question: 'How much for a 3 bedroom house in Ogden?'
    answer: 'Our pricing is flat-rate based on the size of your home. You can get an instant quote online, or call or text at 801-821-2316.'
heading:
  intro: "Wasatch Maids ensures you'll love your professional home cleaners in
    Ogden, Utah and we have dedicated cleaners and maids to keep your home
    feeling fresh. Our office is located in central Ogden, so your home
    will never be more than a few minutes away. Our honest, thorough,
    and fair cleaning service can be booked online in less than 60
    seconds."
  image:
    url: '/assets/images/Ogden-Utah.jpg'
    text: 'Sign that says It pays to live in Ogden home of Weber State University in Ogden, Utah'
main:
  text: "We know it's not easy picking a maid service or cleaning company. Wasatch Maids has a small, dedicated team of professionals to clean your home. Whether you're by Weber State, in North Ogden, South Ogden, or anything in between, Wasatch Maids provides home cleaning and maid services near you."
  map: 'https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d96030.62898905447!2d-112.04271385851796!3d41.22270413111622!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x87530e94da9c4d7b%3A0x61dcd77b34b32c!2sOgden%2C+UT!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1482436098799'
---

<section class="section_text">
  <div class="section_text-container">
    <div class="text-content normal-weight">

## Cleaning Services in Ogden, Utah

We know it's not easy picking a cleaning service. Wasatch Maids has a dedicated team of professionals to clean your home, office, rental or construction project. Whether you're by Weber State, in North Ogden, South Ogden, or anything in between, Wasatch Maids provides cleaning services near you. We offer a range of services but focus on doing one thing right - cleaning. Whether that's for your business, home, or Airbnb rental, we are committed to doing the best job for you.

Our <span class="key blue">complete satisfaction guarantee</span> covers all cleaning services. While unlikely, if something isn’t done to the liking of any person in the company, or even if we can do something a little bit different, we will immediately take care of the issue.

All services - standard home cleaning, move-in / move-out, deep spring cleaning, post construction cleaning, and office cleaning are backed by our <span class="key">complete satisfaction guarantee</span>. We are 100% committed to our work and delivering the quality you deserve. Wasatch Maids is a locally owned business out of Ogden. We care about our community and would never do anything to harm our reputation here. If you want your home, construction project, or office cleaned with the same love and care you give to it, Wasatch Maids is the company for you.

</div>
</div>
</section>

<section class="section_text">
<div class="cs-container">
<!-- Left Image Section -->
<div class="cs-left">
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/cleaning-bottles.jpg"
alt="house"
width="522"
height="581"
/>
</picture>
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/twin-wolf-bathroom2.jpg"
alt="house"
width="414"
height="400"
/>
</picture>
</div>
<!-- Right Content Section-->
<div class="cs-right">
<span class="cs-topper">Home Cleaning</span>

<h2><a href="/cleaning-services/house-cleaning" class="black-link">House Cleaning & Maid Services</a></h2>

We interview hundreds of maids and house cleaners, always looking for the best ones who believe in our core values of being <span class="key">clean, honest, thorough, and fair</span>. It isn't easy, but we've found them, and they are cleaning in Ogden, Utah.

As the saying goes, "a clean home is a happy home." However, its even happier when someone else is doing the cleaning for you.

Our online reviews speak to the fact that we’re 100% committed to our work and delivering quality. So, if you want your home cleaned with the same love and care you give it, Wasatch Maids is the company for you!

</div>
</section>

<section class="section_text">
<div class="cs-container right">
<div class="cs-left">
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/moving-boxes-in-truck.jpg"
alt="house"
width="522"
height="581"
/>
</picture>
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/moving-boxes.jpg"
alt="house"
width="414"
height="400"
/>
</picture>
</div>
<div class="cs-right">
<span class="cs-topper">Moving Cleaning</span>

<h2><a href="/cleaning-services/move-in-move-out-cleaning" class="black-link">Move-In / Move-Out Cleaning</a></h2>

Moving isn't easy, and it's made even more difficult when you need to clean after all the moving is done. Still, the final house cleaning is a vital step between home transitions.

A move-in/move-out clean is a much more thorough cleaning where we go inside empty drawers, clean walls, oven, fridge, interior windows, and more -- in addition to our already thorough home cleaning. And it is one of the most popular services we offer.

Let Wasatch Maids take care of the cleaning, so you can focus on getting settled into the new place.

</div>
</div>
</section>

<section class="section_text">
<div class="cs-container">

<div class="cs-left">
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/twin-wolf-main.jpg"
alt="main living area of home"
width="522"
height="581"
/>
</picture>
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/airbnb3-washer-dryer.jpeg"
alt="stackable washer and dryer in a bathroom"
width="414"
height="400"
/>
</picture>
</div>
<div class="cs-right">
<span class="cs-topper">Rental Cleaning</span>

<h2><a href="/contact.html" class="black-link">Airbnb / Vrbo Turnover Cleaning near Ogden</a></h2>

Hosting an Airbnb, Vrbo or other short to mid-term rentals is no easy task. Coordinating with the guests ensuring their satisfaction, managing reviews, inventory, and communication. The return on investment can be lucrative, but there are many responsibilities.

Using Wasatch Maids for your turnover cleaning ensures you'll be able to focus on the important communication aspects while we take care of cleaning and resetting in between guests. We have been cleaning for rental hosts in the Ogden area for years and coordinate to your unique needs

</div>
</section>

<section class="section_text">
<div class="cs-container right">
<div class="cs-left">
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/cleaning-bottles.jpg"
alt="house"
width="522"
height="581"
/>
</picture>
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/twin-wolf-bathroom2.jpg"
alt="house"
width="414"
height="400"
/>
</picture>
</div>

<div class="cs-right">
<span class="cs-topper">Office Cleaning</span>
<h2><a href="/cleaning-services/office-cleaning.html" class="black-link">Commercial & Office Cleaning</a></h2>

One of the most common complaints we hear from businesses, is that they feel they are paying too much for the quality they are receiving. Most commercial and office cleanings are franchises, or large corporations where quality control becomes difficult. Even using smaller cleaning companies or individuals, the service may suffer due to quality control and lack of training. But in the end, businesses just "put up" with the service.

You and your workplace <em>deserve better than this.</em> That's why Wasatch Maids offers commercial and office cleaning / janitorial services in the Ogden area. You don't have to worry about jumping "through the hoops" just to get some information across.

</div>
</div>
</section>

<section class="section_text">
<div class="cs-container">
<div class="cs-left">
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/post-construction-mess.jpg"
alt="house"
width="522"
height="581"
/>
</picture>
<picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2" aria-hidden="true">
<img
loading="lazy"
decoding="async"
src="/assets/images/post-construction-cleaning.jpg"
alt="house"
width="414"
height="400"
/>
</picture>
</div>
<div class="cs-right">
<span class="cs-topper">Post-Construction</span>

<h2><a href="/cleaning-services/post-construction-cleaning.html" class="black-link">New Home & Post Construction Cleaning</a></h2>

Cleaning up after a large construction job is no easy task. Dried plaster, dust everywhere, and no idea where to start. Wasatch Maids does post-construction cleaning in the Ogden area, and other service locations.

A contractor may do a general cleaning of debris, but a detailed cleaning is not part of the job. New construction homes and apartments are beautifully made, but may not have a detailed cleaning to finish it up. This is where Wasatch Maids comes in. We often hear about the amount of dust and mess left behind by the construction crew; this impedes you from moving in. Get in touch and see how we can help!

</div>
</div>
</section>

<section class="section_text">
<div class="section_text-container">
<div class="text-content normal-weight">

## Who Is Wasatch Maids

Wasatch Maids is a top-rated, locally-owned cleaning company based in Ogden, cleaning houses and offices in Eden, Utah. Our values are clear: Clean. Honest. Thorough. Fair. From easy <a class="key blue" href="/booknow.html">online booking</a>, to outstanding customer service, to high-quality home, post-construction, Airbnb/rental, and commercial cleaning - our clients receive the best experience for their needs.

We price our home cleaning as a flat-rate so you always know what to expect. On top of this, there's no initial on-site estimate needed and you can book online and have us cleaning your home right away.

Having been in the cleaning industry for years, we know that a lot goes into picking a great house cleaner. Because of our commitment to excellence, we can only afford the best cleaners. Wasatch Maids employs a small team of experienced cleaners, and goes through consistent and regular training will all of them. In result, you get the same <span class="key">effective, friendly, honest, and thorough</span> cleaning experience every time we come out to your home.

All our cleaning and work is highly insured and your satisfaction is guaranteed.

</div>
</div>
</section>
{% CtaBanner text="Book Your Home Cleaning", btnText="Book Now", btnLink="/booknow.html",
  dark=false %}
<section class="section_text">
<div class="section_text-container">
<div class="text-content">

### Employees, Not Contractors

Many cleaning companies use contractors who complete the work on behalf of the company. However, at Wasatch Maids, we use employees instead. Unlike contractors, employees have the same onboarding and training, and they understand the company culture and overall values. This translates to reliability for you. If a cleaner for some reason cannot make it out, we have multiple back-ups, including the co-owners, who all have years of cleaning experience. And while we do have overhead like our <span class="key">2 million dollar insurance policy</span> to keep your home or business protected, we are also able to be much more competitive with our prices than companies that end up contracting out all the work.

All of this means the <span class="key blue">highest quality</span> of cleaning,
<span class="key blue"> increased communication</span> with your
cleaning company, and <span class="key blue">more money</span> in your
pocket. We know what it's like to run a business in Ogden, and that's
why we want nothing but the best for yours. We believe that this
starts by having a clean space for customers and employees.

</div>
</div>
</section>
 {% CtaBanner text="Get A Free Office Cleaning Quote", btnText="Contact Us", btnLink="/contact.html",
  dark=true %}

<section class="section_text">
<div class="section_text-container">
<div class="text-content normal-weight">

### Our Promise

Wasatch Maids offers Ogden residents premium cleaning services. We are <span class="key">completely committed</span> to our work and delivery top quality cleaning to you. All our house cleaners and cleaning crews are background checked, certified maids, and have many years of experience cleaning all areas of your home, office, and all conditions, shapes, and sizes. We care about providing customers with the <span class="key blue">five-star service</span> that Wasatch Maids is known for.

For house cleaning, there is no initial on-site estimate needed. You can securely book online in minutes. Just head over to our user-friendly <a href="book-now" class="key blue">online booking system</a>, enter your Ogden zip code, the requested date and time, the total size of the home (then excluding anything not needed) and we'll provide you with a flat rate. You can schedule a one-time, weekly, bi-weekly, or monthly cleaning service to meet all your needs. Repeat scheduled services come at a discount.

For office cleaning, post-construction cleaning, or short-term rental cleaning like AirBnb / Vrbo, please reach out to us with our <a href="/contact.html" class="key blue">contact form</a>.

With our 100% satisfaction guarantee, the days of searching for residential, post-construction, commercial, and office cleaning services in Ogden are long gone. Never again worry about keeping your home or office fresh and clean because Wasatch Maids has you taken care of.

{% include "city-services.html" %}
